Praise him, reverie him, fear him. The Emperor of Hell has caused calamity throughout the lands since ancient times. You are unable to determine his strenght or HP.
You think this strange creature is senteient, and capable of building tools. You think this monster has 11 health and 3 strength.
This huge spider uses it's web to attack. Better watch to not get caught in it... You think this monster has 13 health and 4 strength.
You heard from the townsfolk this raging monster used to be human. You think this monster has 30 health and 7 strength.
Bat's like this one are native in this area. You think this monster has 7 health and 3 strength.
You saw a pack of Goblin on the outskirts of town, this must be their leader. You think this monster has 11 health and 5 strength.
You have never seen a creature this perplexing, but you are sure it is dangerous. You think this monster has 10 health and 4 strength.
This avaricious thief has caused trouble for the townsfolk. They would appreciate if you brought her to justice. You think this monster has 10 health 3 strength.
You think this guardsman has been here guarding something for a long time... You think this monster has 17 health and 6 strength
This strange looking monster seemed to be angry long before it saw you. You think this monster has 25 health and 5 strength
This scorpion has a fierce pinch that might be posinious. You think this monster has 23 health and 4 strength.
You heard this trickster travels the lands masquerading as a princess. You think this monster has 24 health and 4 strength.
You have awakened this beasts slumber. He is now out for his meal. You think this monster has 45 health and 8 strength.
The Satan Emperor sent this beast to survey the lands. You think this monster has 15 health and 4 strength.
This rugged man will do anything for a price. You think this monster has 17 health and 5 strength.
You belive this is the cause of the slimes attacking the townsfolk. You think this monster has 35 health and 7 strength.
This horrendous monster is the stuff of nightmares. You think this monster has 31 health and 6 strength.
You have heard the legends of this monster tempting men. However, you think it is disgusting. You think this monster has 33 health and 6 strength.
This knight is the emperor's Right hand man. Defeating him will play an important role in freeing this land! You think this monster has 55 health and 8 strength.
This rat reeks of the dirty city streets. You think this monster has 12 health and 3 strength.